I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me, but it’s hard to stay mad when there’s so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I’m seeing it all at once, and it’s too much; my heart fills up like a balloon that’s about to burst. And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold onto it. And then it flows through me like rain, and I can’t feel anything but gratitude—for every single moment of my stupid, little life. You have no idea what I’m talking about, I’m sure; but don’t worry….you will someday.”― Alan Ball, American Beauty: The Shooting Script
Frodo: I wish the Ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened.  Gandalf: So do all who live to see such times, but that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. There are other forces at work in this world, Frodo, besides the will of evil.”― Philippa Boyens
Use filmmaking for a greater purpose, than to just entertain some drowsy minds. Wake the whole world up with your movies. It has been sleeping for long. Its eternal sleep has become its darkest nemesis. Now is the time to wake it up.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Give people films, they will forget after a few weeks, but give people ideas, they will assimilate them into their consciousness.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Filmmaking has the power to fortify the feeble, unify the divided, raise the abandoned and inspire the ignorant.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Use filmmaking to eliminate racism – use to it terminate misogyny – use it to destroy homophobia and all other primitiveness.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Whatever genre you deem suitable for your taste – romance, comedy, action, mystery, sci-fi or anything else, make sure it has the plain everyday human kindness.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction.”― Abhijit Naskar
Healthy entertainment is a beautiful blend of stimuli that can connect with the viewer at a sentimental level, then sow the seeds of a certain idea or feed the mind with inspiration and courage. In short, healthy entertainment does not evoke raw emotions in the mind of a viewer only to make them wreak havoc, rather it guides those emotions in a healthy direction. This leads to not only an entertained viewer, but also an inspired soul. And that should be the purpose of film-making, and indeed the entire entertainment industry, rather than feeding the general population with garbage.”― Abhijit Naskar
The art of filmmaking is the most influential form of art that has ever existed throughout the history of human artistic endeavors.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Make movies my friend – make nice, inspiring and bold movies that will penetrate the darkest corners of the human mind and illuminate the soul.”― Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament
Call me old-fashioned, but The Shape of Water is a tour de force. Maddening. Heartfelt. Sick. Nostalgic. An Ode to Todd McCarthy, Arnold Glassman, and Stuart Samuels’ documentary film, Visions of Light. By all means, take a bow.”― A.K. Kuykendall
When writing a novel, the only real constraint is how far you want to go with your ideas. With movie scripts, you have time and budgetary constraints. For example, if your screenplay is set entirely at night, you've just doubled the cost of the movie. Novels can indulge all five senses, but Film is a visual medium that usurps the novelist's tool of narration through voice-over to add depth and perspective.”― Stewart Stafford
I have always credited the writer of the original material above the title: Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Bram Stoker’s Dracula, or John Grisham’s The Rainmaker. I felt that I didn’t have the right to Francis Coppola’s anything unless I had written the story and the screenplay.” – Francis Ford Coppola
Film’s thought of as a director’s medium because the director creates the end product that appears on the screen. It’s that stupid auteur theory again, that the director is the author of the film. But what does the director shoot—the telephone book? Writers became much more important when sound came in, but they’ve had to put up a valiant fight to get the credit they deserve.” – Billy Wilder
If you put someone in a room with no script to direct, they’re just going to sit there. Writing scripts is the execution for a show. Then the director takes that and hires people. It’s like trying to build a house without any bricks. You need a great script.” – John Patrick Shanley
Everything starts with writing. And then to support your vision, your ideas, your philosophy, your jokes, whatever, you’ve gotta perform them and/or direct them, or sometimes just produce them.” – Mel Brooks
I feel I do my best work when it’s all there on the page, and I feel that the character is very vivid as I read the script and I’m not having to create stuff and trying to cobble together something. If I have to do that, then I don’t entirely trust what I’m doing.” – Guy Pearce
There are three things that are important for a film. Number one is story, number two is story, number three is story. Good actors can save a bad script and make it bearable, but good actors can’t make a bad script good – they can just make it bearable.” – Mark
Hey! My name is Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
 Is it hot in here? Or is it just you?  Do I have to sign for your package?  Roses are red. Violets are fine. You be the  I’ll be the 
 Do you have a shovel? Because I’m digging you.  Are you my homework? Cause I’m not doing you but I definitely should be.
 If you were a flower you’d be a damn-delion. You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.  I think you’re suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
 Baby, you’re so hot, you make the Equator look like the North Pole.Are you a racehorse? Because when I ride you’ll always finish first.
Are you flappy bird? Because I could tap you all night.You’re on my list of things to do tonight.
Want to save water by showering together? Are those pants from space? Because your ass is out of this world.
Are you a sea lion? ‘Cause I can see you lyin’ in my bed tonight. There's a big sale in my bedroom right now. Clothes are 100% off!
You’re like my pinky toe, because I’m gonna bang you on every piece of furniture in the house. Are you a sprinkler? Because you’re making me wet.
Is your name winter? Because you’ll be coming soon. I’m not into watching sunsets, but I’d love to see you go down.
Are you a haunted house? I’m going to scream when I’m in you. Are you an elevator? Because I’ll go up and down on you.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I’ve got a bone for you to examine. Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I’d love to spread them.
I want to wear you like a pair of sunglasses… One leg over each ear. Great dress. I’m sorry I’ll have to rip it apart.
You’re just like a wine tasting. They say to spit, but I always prefer swallowing. Are you a stack of dirty dishes? ‘Cause I want to get you wet and do you all night long.
It’s actually unfair, how fucking sexy you are.  I get hard so much faster when I’m around you.
You have the most perfect tits. Your ass deserves its own Instagram account.  When you bend over, even just a little, I lose control entirely.
With all due respect, you are a non-stop cock tease. With every twirl or your hair and every giggle, I get a little stiffer.
Your pussy is intoxicating.  Eye contact with you always feels like foreplay.
I need your naked body more than I need oxygen right now. When your lips move, I can’t help picturing them around my cock.
You make me want to be so fucking naughty. My dick wants nothing more than temporary asylum inside your pussy.
I would give up masturbating forever just to see you naked right this second. You must have driven all your teachers insane once you hit puberty.
You are a living, breathing sexual fantasy. When you lick your lips, I see a sex goddess moistening her perfect pout.
Every other woman on Earth should be jealous of your effect on men. I can’t stop thinking about that thing you do with your hips.
Were you always such an accomplished seductress? So smart and sexy. You are lethal.
I want to kiss every single inch of your body, explore every nook and cranny, penetrate every crevice. Do you realize how beautiful you are when you orgasm?
Your nipples, my lips. Heaven. Pleasuring you should be considered an honor.
I want to spank your hot ass for driving me so crazy. I’m trying to pay attention, but you’re just too fucking sexy.
You’re the kind of woman I could only ever make love to. Your very presence makes me want to be tender.
30. When you touch me—even just graze my skin—I get a tingling sensation down there. Your pussy must be magic because I’m spellbound by it.
All I can think about is how good you’re going to taste. You don’t even mean to torment me, do you?
I can’t even hold you without getting hard. Every single one of your curves deserves to be worshipped.
Your very scent makes me want sex. I want to eat you out until I’ve memorized every single pink fold of flesh.
There’s nothing you could do to make me stop wanting you. The thought of sleeping with you is the only thing keeping me sane.
40. If we worked together, I would definitely have to jerk off in the bathroom at least once a day. I can’t handle not touching you.
Your breasts are almost as tantalizing as your piercingly beautiful eyes are. I have no doubt you’re going to blow my mind tonight.
Do you even notice everyone checking you out? You are undeniably the sexiest woman I’ve ever met.
I haven’t felt this horny since high school. Your body should be studied for the impact it has on the opposite sex.
I didn’t even know I could want someone this badly. Do you realize what you do to me?
50. Every time you spread your legs, an angel must get its wings or something. My goal in life is to make you squirm like never before. I’ll never be free from needing you.
Your unclothed body is my happy place. Monogamy doesn’t scare me now that I know you exist. You are the very definition of irresistible.”
Do you know how many times I’ve mentally stripped you while playing with myself? I just can’t lie. I’m picturing you naked right now.
I don’t like sitting here at work when I could be at home doing sexy things to you. Why can’t I just be lying beside you in bed instead of studying/working?
I have a surprise for you later tonight; I think you’re going to like it! If I could only wear three items of clothing or less tonight, what would you choose for me?
I just laid in bed for the last hour thinking about you, guess what I was doing! I cleaned the kitchen today, so I’d have room to make love to you you on the table.
Your body looks just as amazing in those sweatpants as it does in your little black dress. I love playing with your hair and your ass
Do you want a back massage, a foot massage, or both? I’d put on music, but I don’t want to drown out the sounds of your sexy little moans.
Don’t stop me once you feel aroused, because I’m planning on making you feel euphoric today. I can’t wait to kiss every part of your body.
Do you care if my tongue is between your legs when you wake up in the morning? Your mind is just as sexy as your tight little body.
I can’t decide what part of your body is more delicious. Give me another taste. I bought some handcuffs and a blindfold. Should I put them on you or me?
I baked you some dessert, so you can eat it while I eat you. Do you want to have sex in bed or in the bath I just made you?
Tonight is going to be about pleasure and pain. I want to hear you breathing in my ear when I make you feel oh-so-good!
Tonight you’re not allowed to let your pleasure peak until I say so. You’re not going to be able to move after I’m finished with you tonight.
Your heart is going to pulse with complete pleasure tonight. I had a hard-on all day because I couldn’t stop thinking of that beautiful face.
Your laugh turns me on even more than your wetness does. I stuck your clothes in the washer, and now I’m going to make out with you on top of it.
I’ve never gotten so horny just by kissing someone. Do you want me to wake you up with breakfast in bed or oral?
I’m so horny thinking about seeing you later. I miss having your arms around me.
I was thinking about you in the shower this morning! I miss you dominating me.
There is something that makes me crazy wet when you are standing right over me when we’re kissing. I tidied up the bedroom, but I don’t mind if you mess up the sheets with me.
I’m going to go down on you, and I won’t even let you think about returning the favor. I miss having you around me.
I was thinking about you in bed this morning and saying your name till I hit the big O! I miss you smothering me with pleasure.
I’m so horny thinking about seeing you later. I will whisper in your ear to make you reach the peak of your pleasure while you dig those sexy nails into my back!
No matter how many cold showers I have, I still can’t get you off my mind. I know someone who has a crush on you…
I adore the feeling of your soft, silky, and delicate skin against mine. I love starting my day by saying your name out loud
You look great today! And how do I know? Because you look great every day! Every time I close my eyes, I see you naked.  But FYI, I like seeing you naked with my eyes open even more!
Hey, wild thing…. I was just thinking about you… and all my blood traveled south. You would not believe what I dreamt last night! I was a fireman… and you were on fire… luckily I saved you with my firehose. Made you all wet, though…
I just want to nail you against the wall as soon as you come home! No words! Does that make me a bad man? I know what you want, but I want you to beg me for it.
If you were here right now, I would rip your clothes off and throw you onto my bed and have my way with you. You are definitely the hottest girl in this part of the universe!
Do you know that I spend my day thinking about you and my night dreaming about you? So many options… which would you choose? The car? The couch? The floor? Kitchen table?
Tonight I’m going to take it slow and savor every curve on your sweet body. You are sooo much more than sex to me… even still… with each amazing episode, it just gets better and better.
You weren’t given lips like that for anything. Get into high heels, put on some red lipstick, and let’s put them to good use?
All I can think about is tasting you again and again and again… I was thinking of buying some soft rope…should I get enough for your wrists and ankles or just your wrists? Actually, let’s leave it up to me…
I had the wildest dream last night… it was about you. I just thought of a new position that I desperately want to try with you.
Are you alone tonight? Want to play a hot game? Next time when I am around you, wear something that keeps me guessing.
I want to be naughty with you in the office. I have heard that you should not fight it if you like it.
I can’t stop looking through those pictures you sent me. You look so sexy. Tonight is going to be all about you, baby. Just lay back and relax.
I miss feeling the curves of your hot body pressed against mine. I can’t wait to see you so I can run my lips across your beautiful neck.
You don’t have any idea how beautiful you are. A pantheon of Goddesses would envy you. Somehow you get sexier every damn day.
I never knew what it was like to want someone this badly. I’m going to start your night with a massage and end it the way you like to be pleasured the most!
I love the way you touch me. Come over? You are the sexiest woman in any room.
I wish I was there with you right now. I don’t know how much longer I can wait to see you. I want to spank your ass, pull your hair, and kiss your neck.
I love the feeling of your skin. It’s so soft and perfect. Let’s act out one of your fantasies tonight.
Your moans are the sexiest sound in the world. I may run out of flirty text messages to send to you, but my heart will never run out of space for you.
Do you like my shirt? It’s made of boyfriend material. Seeing your name on my phone makes me smile like an idiot.
I’ve wanted you from the very first moment I laid my eyes on you. You are turning me into an insomniac.
If you knew that my answer was yes,” what would you ask me? I’m so distracted by you, even in my thoughts. Could you stop being so damn hot for a second?
You’re like a tornado. You just blow me away! You see, I’m like a Rubik’s Cube. The more you play with me, the harder I get.
I’d walk a thousand miles just to touch you tonight. And a thousand more if you let me kiss you all over.
I’ve had so many dirty thoughts about you today. Would you like to hear some of them? Aren’t you exhausted? You’ve been running in my thoughts the whole day. Naked, most of the time.
If I ate a candy bar for every moment that I thought of you, I would have lost all my teeth by now. I am sending you to an island full of kisses on a sea of love!
It’s always fun to flirt with you over texts. However, it makes it difficult for me to lean in and kiss you. If kisses were raindrops, I would send you a flood. You’d need an ark.
You are my heart’s epic adventure! Ever since I met you, all the love songs suddenly turned out to be about you.
I miss your smell. You smell so good! I miss your sexy bedroom eyes. You make me melt and hard at the same time!
You must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears. You light up the room every time you walk in.
You have the most beautiful eyes I’ve ever seen. Your smile is so contagious, I can’t help but smile too.
You’re the missing puzzle piece in my life. You’re the reason why I wake up with a smile on my face.
You’re the most beautiful girl in the room. You’re the definition of perfection.
You’re the kind of girl that can make a guy forget his name. You’re the sweetest thing I’ve ever met.
You’re stunning, even without any makeup. You’re the only thing I need in my life.
You’re a breath of fresh air in a world full of chaos. You’re my sunshine on a cloudy day.
You have the most beautiful voice I’ve ever heard. You’re a work of art that deserves to be admired.
You’re a natural beauty. You have a smile that can light up a room.
You’re the kind of girl that guys write songs about. You have a magnetic personality that draws me in.
You’re the most captivating person I’ve ever met. Your laugh is music to my ears.
You’re the girl of my dreams. You make every day feel like a fairytale.
You’re the epitome of grace and elegance. You have a heart of gold.
You have a way of making everything better. You’re more beautiful than any sunset I’ve ever seen.
You’re a true gem. You have the most beautiful mind I’ve ever encountered.
You’re the kind of girl that every guy dreams of. You’re the whole package – beauty, brains, and personality.
You have a stunning figure. You’re a vision of loveliness.
You’re the most attractive girl I’ve ever met. You have a way of making me feel alive.
You’re the reason why I believe in love. You’re a true masterpiece.
You have a smile that can melt even the coldest heart. You’re the kind of girl that makes me want to be a better man.
From the Heart: Romantic Compliments to Sweep Her Off Her Feet. Your smile makes my heart skip a beat.
Every moment with you feels like a fairy tale come true. I never knew what love was until I met you.
You make my life feel complete. You have a heart of gold that shines brighter than any diamond.
Your kindness and compassion inspire me every day. I could stare into your eyes forever and never tire of their beauty.
You make even the mundane moments in life feel magical. I feel like the luckiest person in the world just to be with you.
Your love is the greatest gift I have ever received. You are the most beautiful person, inside and out.
I love the way your voice sounds, it’s like music to my ears. You are my soulmate, my forever and always.
Your presence brings a warmth and light to my life that I never knew existed. I fall more in love with you every day.
You have a grace and elegance that takes my breath away. You are my best friend and my greatest love.
I cannot imagine a future without you by my side. You have a unique way of making everything better.
Every time I see you, my heart skips a beat. You make my world a better place just by being in it.
I love the way you look at me, like I am the only person in the world. You are my safe haven in this crazy world.
Your intelligence and wit constantly amaze me. I love the way you make me laugh, even on the toughest days.
Your touch sends shivers down my spine. You are more beautiful to me than any work of art.
I am forever grateful for the day you came into my life. You make my heart feel full in a way that no one else ever could.
I love the way you love me, with all of your heart. You are the embodiment of grace and strength.
You have a way of making my heart skip a beat even after all this time. I cannot imagine life without you, it would be empty and meaningless.
You are the person I want to grow old with and share every moment of life with. Your passion for life is contagious and inspires me to be a better person.
You are the missing piece of my heart that I didn’t even know was missing. Your beauty radiates from the inside out.
I am constantly in awe of your intelligence and insight. I love the way you make my heart feel, like it’s bursting with love.
You are the love of my life, my forever and always. Sweet and Cute Compliments to Make Your Girlfriend’s Heart Melt
Your smile brightens up even the darkest of days. Your laugh is like music to my ears.
You have a heart of gold that shines through in everything you do. I love the way you light up a room just by being in it.
You are the most beautiful person, inside and out. I feel so lucky to have you in my life.
You have a way of making everything feel better. You make even the most mundane moments feel special.
Your presence makes everything feel more meaningful. I love the way your eyes sparkle when you talk about the things you love.
You have a kindness and compassion that inspire me every day. I love how we can just be ourselves around each other.
Your intelligence and insight constantly amaze me. You have a unique perspective on the world that I find so inspiring.
I feel like I can conquer anything with you by my side. You are my best friend and my greatest love.
I love how we can make each other laugh no matter what. You have a way of making me feel like everything is going to be okay.
Your touch sends shivers down my spine. I love the way you love me, with all of your heart.
You make me want to be a better person every day. Your determination and perseverance are so admirable.
I feel like I can talk to you about anything and everything. You make me feel so understood and appreciated.
I love how we can share everything together, both the good and the bad. You are my safe haven in this crazy world.
You have a way of making me feel like I’m the most important person in the world. Your support and encouragement mean the world to me.
I love how we can just sit in comfortable silence together. You have a way of bringing out the best in me.
You are the missing piece of my heart that I didn’t even know was missing. You have a beauty that radiates from the inside out.
Your warmth and kindness make me feel so lucky to have you in my life. I love the way you challenge and inspire me to be my best self.
You are the person I want to spend the rest of my life with. Your love is the greatest gift I have ever received.
I am constantly in awe of your strength and resilience. You make every day feel like an adventure.
I love how we can grow together and support each other. You are the sunshine in my life, always brightening up my day.
Sexy Compliments to Make Women Feel Confident and Desired. You have the most mesmerizing eyes I’ve ever seen.
Your curves are absolutely stunning. Your lips are so soft and inviting.
You have a way of moving that is both graceful and sensual. You exude confidence and sex appeal in everything you do.
You have a magnetic energy that draws people to you. Your skin is so smooth and soft, I can’t stop touching it.
Your scent is intoxicating and drives me wild. You have an aura of sensuality that is irresistible.
Your voice is like velvet and sends shivers down my spine. Your body is a work of art that deserves to be appreciated.
You know how to rock any outfit and make it look sexy. You have a way of making me feel like the luckiest person in the world.
You have a naughty side that I can’t wait to explore. Your smile is so alluring, it’s impossible to resist.
You have an innate sexiness that you just can’t fake. Your touch sends electric shocks through my body.
You know exactly how to turn me on, without even trying. Your confidence in the bedroom is so sexy and alluring.
Your intelligence and wit are incredibly sexy to me. You have a way of making me feel like the only person in the room.
Your passion and intensity are so sexy and alluring. You have a way of making me feel like a king.
You know exactly how to drive me wild, and I love it. Your sense of humor is so sexy and refreshing.
You have a body that was made for pleasure. Your energy and enthusiasm in bed are so sexy and alluring.
You know how to make me feel like a man. Your confidence and self-assurance are so sexy to me.
You have a way of making me feel like I can conquer the world. Your eyes are so seductive, I can’t resist them.
Your sense of adventure and willingness to try new things is so sexy to me. You have a way of making me feel like I’m the luckiest person in the world.
Your body is a temple of pleasure that I can’t get enough of. Your intelligence and creativity are so sexy and alluring.
You have an exotic beauty that I find incredibly sexy. You have a way of making me feel like I’m on top of the world.
Your natural beauty is so alluring and captivating. You know how to make me feel desired and appreciated.
Your confidence and sex appeal are off the charts, and I’m loving it. Captivating Beauty: 20 Quotes About a Beautiful Woman to Celebrate Her Charm and Grace
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.” – Audrey Hepburn
A beautiful woman is a woman who can be herself.” – Emma Stone
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.” – Coco Chanel
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mole, but true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul.” – Audrey Hepburn
The most beautiful makeup for a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy.” – Yves Saint Laurent
A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul.” – Minna Antrim
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.” – Audrey Hepburn
A beautiful woman is one who loves herself. Let the world know that you are the epitome of beauty.” – Debasish Mridha
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.” – Sophia Loren
The most beautiful thing a woman can wear is confidence.” – Blake Lively
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart.” – Helen Keller
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair. The beauty of a woman is seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.” – Sam Levenson
A beautiful woman is one with a good heart and a great mind.” – Stephanie Lahart
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.” – Kahlil Gibran
A woman is most beautiful when she smiles.” – Beyoncé
The most beautiful curve on a woman’s body is her smile.” – Bob Marley
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection.” – Emma Stone
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.” – John Ray
True beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It’s the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she shows, and the beauty of a woman only grows with passing years.” – Audrey Hepburn
The beauty of a woman is not in her facial features but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she knows.” – Audrey Hepburn
How to Compliment a Girl and Make Her Feel Special
The key to a good compliment is to make her feel good about herself, not to impress her or get something in return. So, be kind, genuine, and respectful, and she will appreciate your compliments.
Be genuine: Your girlfriend will know if you’re not being sincere, so make sure your compliments are genuine.
Focus on her personality: While it’s okay to compliment her appearance, try to focus on her personality traits, such as her kindness, intelligence, or sense of humor.
Use your knowledge of her: Use your knowledge of her likes, dislikes, and interests to come up with unique and thoughtful compliments.
Compliment her in private and in public: Complimenting your girlfriend in front of others can make her feel proud and appreciated, but also make sure to give her compliments in private to show that you care about her on a personal level.
Be specific: Instead of a generic compliment like you’re beautiful,” try to be specific and say something like I love the way your smile lights up the room.”
Mix it up: Don’t just stick to the same compliments all the time. Mix it up and come up with new ways to express your appreciation for her.
Be respectful: Remember to always be respectful and avoid backhanded compliments that could come across as insulting.
Making Her Smile: How to Compliment Any Girl on Her Looks
You have a stunning smile. It lights up the whole room. Your hair looks amazing today. I love the way you styled it.
Your eyes are so beautiful. They’re like windows to your soul. You have such a great sense of style. Your outfit looks amazing on you.
Your skin is so smooth and radiant. You really take care of yourself.
Your makeup looks flawless. You have a real talent for it. You have such a unique and striking beauty. You stand out in a crowd.
Your figure is so fit and toned. You clearly take good care of yourself.
Your sense of confidence is really attractive. You carry yourself with such grace and poise.
You have a really cute and infectious laugh. It’s impossible not to smile when I hear it.
Your freckles are so adorable. They give you a youthful and playful look.
Your lips are so full and inviting. They’re truly kissable. Your natural beauty shines through, even without makeup. It’s impressive.
You have the most captivating eyes. I could get lost in them. Your style is so effortlessly chic. You always look put-together and stylish.
Your posture is perfect. It makes you look so confident and poised. Your features are so delicate and beautiful. You’re like a work of art.
Your smile is so contagious. It makes everyone around you feel happy. You have such a striking presence. You command attention wherever you go.
Your natural beauty is so refreshing. You don’t need makeup to look stunning. How to Praise a Girl and Make Her Shine
You have such a beautiful smile. It always brightens up my day. I’m constantly impressed by your intelligence and the way you approach problem-solving.
You have a great sense of humor. I love spending time with you because you always make me laugh.
You have a kind and caring heart. I’ve seen how much you do for others and it’s truly inspiring.
You’re so talented. Whether it’s singing, dancing, or writing, you always impress me with your skills.
You have a unique perspective on things. I love hearing your thoughts and ideas because they’re always so interesting.
You’re such a hard worker. Your dedication and commitment to your goals is truly admirable.
You have the most perfect breasts. I like how silky your hair looks.
You have gorgeous cheekbones. Your eyes are lovely.
Pictures don't do justice to your beauty. Your hair looks bewildering.
You're so sexy. You shimmer in the light. Your beauty is so natural.
You look stunning no matter what you wear. Your lips are so mesmerizing because they outline such a beautiful smile.
Your curves are so defined. Your skin is so soft and mellow.
Your fragrance is so irresistible. There's no way an extremely cute girl like you could exist in this world. But here you are!
You have beautiful eyes. They sparkle like jewels. Your body is a wonderland.
Your voice echoes like that of an angel. The way you talk is so soothing.
You look like a heavenly deity when you sleep. Your smile is so beautiful that everyone needs to see it.
Your body is so fit. You are beautiful and precious.
You are gorgeous. You have the hands of a princess. They're so smooth and immaculate.
I love your perky lips. What's the secret to your extraordinary beauty?
Your manner of speaking is music to the ears. You are so adorable.
You are really cute. Your cuteness puts puppies and babies to shame.
There's really no need for you to wear makeup. You are already so naturally beautiful.
How do you manage to look so beautiful all the time? You are always classy no matter the circumstance you're in.
You always look professional and polished. Your voice is magnificent.
Cute things to say to a girl. Your lips are so kissable.
You are excessively attractive. The way you smile makes me weak.
I find you really intoxicating. I think I'm drunk off you.
Your kisses are like mellow raindrops on my skin.
Breathtaking is not enough of a word to describe you.
I can't help but find myself lost in your eyes. It's just that they convey such deep meaning.
Holding your hand is the best cure for any longing.
I see the bigger picture whenever I look at each and every one of the details of your existence.
Your liveliness and vibrant spirit make me want to be with you forever.
Ordinary events are always made romantic and extraordinary because of your presence.
No piece of jewelry can ever hope to match your splendor. You're my precious treasure.
It's not just your pretty face that makes my heart beat restlessly. It's your entire being.
You smell like a field of blooming flowers. You're beautiful all the time, but when you smile like that, I swear my world stops.
You look dazzling. You are tremendously elegant. You are alluring.
You are so voluptuous and seductive. It's always such a pleasure to have you within sight.
Your beauty knows no bound. You are meant to conquer my heart and the universe.
Whenever I see you, I feel a tingling sensation in my heart.
Lovely is such an understatement for the perfection that is you. You are a seductive temptation.
I wouldn't miss spending time with you for anything.
Every part of you is worth all the love in the world. It's the reason why I fell in love with you in the first place.
The way you hold yourself, both in public and private, is truly a magnificent sight to behold.
Your kisses are as soft as down pillows and as warm as wool. You are my reason for living. There's something about you that makes me feel alive every single day.
You're the embodiment of sex appeal. You're irreplaceable. You're my one and only sweetheart.
You're a goddess through and through. That's why I adore and worship you. Sweep her off her feet with these phrases.
Good Compliments That She Will Definitely Appreciate. You are my role model. You are one of the women that I really admire and look up to.
When I think of strong women, I think of you. Out of all the people in the world, you're my favorite conversation partner.
I keep wondering what makes you so infinitely fascinating.
Even the coldest of hearts are warmed by your presence. Every day is a celebration with you around.
You are as bright as the sun. You warm the hearts of everyone. I'd choose your friendship over chocolate any day.
There's something about your attitude that motivates people to do their best. You are the kind of friend that everyone wishes to have.
Your tranquil aura calms my heart. You put the word friend in friendship.
I'm pretty sure that whoever is fortunate enough to end up with you will never experience boredom ever again in their life.
You must be an enchantress. Everything is just so enchanting about you. You make people want to stay wherever your heart is.
Your heartwarming stories are so engaging that I could listen to them the whole day. I love talking to you. Thank you for listening with such a caring heart.
You are an excellent motivation for me to exercise. I mean, who wouldn't want to exercise next to your flawless figure?
You make life so much more interesting. Do you know why I wouldn't ever compare you to a unicorn? It's because you're actually real.
If friendships came with price tags, I would never be able to afford you. As they say: Good friends are cheaper than therapy. Thanks for saving me a lot of money.
My heart and soul are always full thanks to you. I've never met anyone as nice and as caring as you.
I can see so much warmth in your eyes. I'm certain that you are the best version of yourself so far.
I'll choose you over a bag of delicious chips anytime. The world needs more people like you.
You are the essence of a truly strong woman. You are the personification of girl power.
You seem to have an infinite amount of creative potential. When the world needed hope, you came down from the heavens.
You're perfect just the way you are. Remember that there's no one else in the world like you. Kindness is one of your greatest characteristics.
You have such a kind soul. The world is undergoing positive changes because of your dedication.
It's admirable how you manage to stay calm and collected in any situation. You have such a positive aura. You're hilarious.
I am exhilarated by your energy and passion. True friends are like diamonds. I regard you as one, and you're a notch above all the other diamonds.
Your outlook in life makes me feel that I can accomplish anything. I love that you never seem to second-guess yourself.
You are such a well-spoken woman. I've never met anyone as trustworthy and honest as you.
You possess a heart of gold. Your flawless intuition astounds me. I love how passionate you are in everything you do.
You're not only pretty on the outside but also on the inside. When you speak, everyone in the room intently listens to you.
Your honesty must be the reason why they turned it into the best policy. You have such a great mind for detail. I really admire your leadership.
You have a unique and imaginative way of thinking. You carry yourself with so much maturity. Just one glance at you is enough to tell me that you're a great leader.
You exude so much confidence. I trust and value your opinions because you always make insightful observations. Boring moments don't seem to exist when you're around.
Your thoughtfulness is top-notch, even for a human. I find your enthusiasm really contagious.
You are so well-mannered. You have an amazing sense of humor. I love that you are always true to yourself.
You are one sassy girl! That's cool. You are such a great listener. Fun is never the same without you.
You always take the initiative, and I admire that in you. You are very earnest when it comes to work.
You have such great communication skills. You are such a good problem solver.
Your confidence makes everything seem so effortless to you. You're the kind of person that can achieve pretty much everything they put their mind to.
Your creativity inspires me. When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way. You are so clever and quick-witted. You have really good taste.
Your style goes with anything. How are you making that possible? Life's most puzzling questions become clearer when you're there to solve them with me.
Even if you spoke for hours on end, I would listen to you with all ears. Your fashion sense is impeccable. You are the manifestation of sweet dreams. You are so helpful.
I have faith in you. I know that you will always be there for me. How do you make jokes funnier than they actually are? You're a comedy genius!
Your handiwork is very impressive. As a friend, you are truly the best!
When you say you will do something, I trust you do you will do it successfully and flawlessly.
You have a way about you that makes everything you do look so easy. The way you deliver words leaves long-lasting impressions.
You possess such exquisite talents and skills. You're more fun than a bubble wrap. You are full of class and sass. You are fierce. You look great every single time.
You are very charismatic. You are always so cheerful.
You are wise beyond your years. I feel like I can do anything when you encourage me to do my best.
Your words of encouragement really inspire me to go and change the world.
I have absolutely no idea on how you do everything that you do perfectly. You are a superwoman!
Your presence is a treasure. I love hearing you laugh. It makes me smile.
Anyone would be lucky to know you. I feel like nothing's ever going to harm me when you're by my side.
You are my comfort zone. You are fabulous. Your stylishness surprises me to no end.
Every time I look into your eyes, I see kindness and intelligence.
You are so fashionable. Are you sure you're not a fashion model?
World peace doesn't seem like a distant dream with you advocating for it.
You bring the best in everyone you meet. Your taste is so refined.
Every word that comes out of your mouth is always exact and well-timed.
Rainy days become sunny days whenever you're present.
Knowing you has been such an honor. What are the odds of meeting someone as perfect as you?
You are a clever girl. You are a smart cookie. Your laugh is infectious. You are worth knowing.
You are sweet. I always learn so much from you.
You are a tenacious woman. You've never given up on anything ever since I've known you.
You are one feisty gal. I want to be like you.
You make thoughtful choices in life, and they are worth appreciating.
I am so happy that our paths crossed, and we met each other.
There’s no way that an extremely cute girl like you exists in this world. But here you are!
Your creativity and artistic ability just blow my mind.
You make a huge difference in the lives of those around you.
Spending time with you is a lifetime enjoyment.
Our friendship is like a special cup of tea. It is made with a special blend of you and me.
You look stunning in whatever you wear.
protip_iconQuick Tip
Grab the opportunity to pay this compliment when a woman asks you how she looks in a particular outfit.
The sound of your laughter makes me feel like I just won a million-dollar lottery.
I’m charmed by your beauty and sense of humor.
You are full of confidence and positivity.
Thank you for never getting tired of me. You are a true friend.
Pictures don’t do justice to your looks.
I’m fascinated by your lips because they always say the most amazing things with a bright and beautiful smile.
I enjoy your unique mindset.
You are the first person to strike my mind every morning.
Chocolate is sweet, but your friendship is sweeter.
You are a natural beauty.
I feel like I’m on vacation when we’re together.
The kindness you have for everyone is inspiring.
Oh, your smile – it’s killer!
I am lucky that friendship is for free. Or else, I would have never been able to afford yours.
Your fragrance is simply irresistible.
I value your opinion. You make keen observations.
I have the best fun when I’m with you.
You always bring brightness along with you, and that’s what I love about you.
Your work is beyond impressive.
I’m sorry that I got so delayed in meeting a person like you.
I like you because you know exactly what you want from your life.
You are a brave heart who is never hesitant to meet challenges.
You are such an incredible problem-solver.
Your beautiful eyes sparkle like jewels.
Your confidence is outstanding.
I love the way you take care of me, you selfless beauty.
You have a heart of gold.
I am so glad that I asked you to marry me.
Your smile is so beautiful that it attracts everybody.
You really know what you want and fearlessly go for it.
You make me want to be a better version of myself every day.
I’m a big fan of the way you impress everybody.
Even after several years, I still fall in love with you every single day.
You are gorgeous and confident.
Your elegance cannot be missed.
You are like a dazzling diamond that I will treasure forever.
Thanks for making my life worth living.
Thank you for being such an amazing life partner who has never stopped loving and appreciating me.
What’s the secret to your extraordinary style?
Your loveliness is just amazing.
With your one look, the dark clouds roll away and the birds start singing.
Everyone loves you, and there are a hundred reasons why.
Man paying his girlfriend a sweet compliment to make her laughSave
Image: Shutterstock
Everything about you is worth knowing.
There’s really no need for you to wear makeup. You are the epitome of natural beauty.
You are the spark that ignites me.
I’m drawn to your warmth and intelligence.
It’s lovely that you lead a life of simple living and high thinking.
You make life so worth living.
 Your voice is so mesmerizing.
Your humility and grace cannot go unnoticed.
The sight of you in that dress is stunning.
I must be kissing an angel because nothing else can make me feel so good.
I find you sexy, attractive, and impactful.
I love your carefree attitude.
How do you manage to look this pretty all the time?
I could listen to your heartwarming stories for the rest of my life.
I cannot believe how this much beauty can exist in one person.
You always brighten up any room you are in.
Your smile makes me weak.
I can’t take my eyes off the beauty you radiate with that sparkling smile.
I want to be as mentally potent as you are.
Holding you is the best cure for anything.
Do you know how attractive you look to me?
Your laugh is contagious.
Your kisses are like mellow raindrops on a drought land.
If someone wrote a book about you, it would be a bestseller.
I’d rather spend time with you than anyone else.
I admire the way you are ready to sacrifice everything for your family’s happiness.
I love your sassiness.
You are like sunshine on a cloudy day.
When I focus on you, all my pains are gone.
You put a lot of effort into caring for others. You are worth admiring.
You are limited edition.
I am so grateful that we met.
‘Breathtaking’ is not enough of a word for you. You are way beyond.
You always know how to put your best foot forward.
I love how you make ordinary events worth remembering.
If I had to make a choice between my FIFA and you, I would certainly go for you.
You have an unbeatable sense of humor.
You’re beautiful all the time, but when you smile, you make the world halt.
Your taste is so impressive.
Your humility and grace attract many people.
You have always been there for me, with motivation and the best advice.
I love the passion you put into everything.
It’s always such a pleasure to be by your side.
No matter who is in the room, I always find myself looking at you.
The sight of your beautiful face framed by your soft hair can’t be resisted.
I don’t know how to explain what you mean to me.
I love how you stay calm and composed in any situation.
Your beauty knows no bounds. You are meant to conquer the world and hearts.
 I can never express in words how much you mean to me. I fall for you more deeply every day.
If life was a river, I’d choose to paddle with you.
Compliments for girls to make them feel specialSave
Image: Shutterstock
 You don’t like a few things about yourself, but it doesn’t matter to me. You will always be perfect to me.
You know how to bring out the best in people.
I will never miss spending time by your side.
Wherever you are is where I would love to be.
I am comforted by your presence.
Those eyes are stairways to heaven anyone would like to climb up.
You are the most astonishing woman I have ever met.
Your enthusiasm and passion for life are just exquisite.
You always know what to say.
My sadness fades away when I see your million-dollar smile.
I can never stay mad at you – your love is that addictive.
You are so great when it comes to giving gifts. You know exactly what people want.
Your kisses are as soft as candy floss and as warm as a cup of hot chocolate.
Whenever you walk into the room, my heart skips a beat.
I’m so glad we are still beside each other.
I find myself lost in your eyes – they are deep like an ocean.
I know that you can do anything to accomplish that you set your mind to.
You’re irreplaceable. You’re my one and only.
I can’t wait to see what is there for us in the future. You make everything lovely.
A day without you is meaningless.
Your laugh is the cutest of all.
You carry yourself with so much pride and respect.
You are a woman I really admire for your great achievements.
Your strength and dedication made me believe in myself.
I would love to follow you for the rest of my life.
I’d never want you to change. I love everything about you.
You are so mature and energetic.
You are as bright as the sun because you spread the warmth of your love.
You have the most beautiful and deep eyes.
You are like the shade of a tree on a hot summer day.
You are that missing piece of the puzzle that completes my life.
Nobody is perfect, and there is nothing that I would change about you. I have fallen for the way you are.
I’m pretty sure that whoever falls for you will never experience boredom ever again.
You have such a talent to put together the most stunning outfits.
Your love is like an orchard: sweet, surreal, and sublime.
Your voice makes my life worth living.
If only there were more people like you in the world, it would have been such a pleasant place.
Do you know why I wouldn’t ever compare you to an angel? It’s because you’re real.
You are so gorgeous, and that is the least I can say to compliment you.
I have never been more proud to call you my lifeline.
When I see you sad, it shatters me.
Girls run the world – and you are the best of them.
I am sure there cannot be anything else better than you being yourself.
I love how you love yourself.
No matter where I go and who I meet, no one will be better than you.
The secret behind your beauty is that your heart is beautiful too.
You have got some sexy dance moves.
You are the essence of perfect beauty and a truly strong woman.
There is something about you that makes me want to be a better version of myself.
Man giving his girlfriend a flirty complimentSave
Image: Shutterstock
No matter what you do, you always look classy.
God didn’t write our names together. He made us for each other.
I never have more fun than when I am with you.
You are the essence of boldness and beauty.
Whoever is lucky enough to end up with you will never miss anything in life.
When I need a pick-me-up, I just think of you and it brings back my smile.
When we are together, I want time to stop because I can’t pull myself out of your alluring deep eyes.
You have a way of making everything so easy.
When the world needed hope, you came to the rescue.
You are a strong, smart, and sensual woman.
I don’t usually think about too many things, but when I do think, it’s invariably related to you.
Don’t say that you can’t dance. Your moves made everyone’s eyes pop out!
You are a woman that no one would want to miss out on.
I am blown away by your energy and passion.
They say that there are plenty of fish in the sea, but you are my favorite one.
It’s not my fault that I fell for you. Your vibe is irresistible.
All I want is for you to spend the rest of your life with me while I try to make you happier with each passing day.
You add life to the party.
True friends are rare. I regard you as one, and you’re a cut above all the diamonds.
I love how confident you are. It makes me fall for you even more.
I’m trying my best to fall asleep, but I just can’t get enough of your smile.
I didn’t believe in soulmates, but after meeting you, I certainly do.
There is never a dull moment when you are around.
You make me come to life.
You are the first thing that I want to see every morning and the last thing I want to see before falling asleep.
You looked great today. I know I didn’t see you, but deep within, I know.
 Life isn’t perfect, but when you are with me, perfect” is a small word to describe life.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always have a backup plan to keep going.
You are worthy. You matter the most.
I notice that you lit up the room as you walked in.
No obstacle seems too big with you by my side.
I could hold your hand forever.
You’re more helpful than anyone I have ever met.
I feel peace when I am beside you.
You remind me of cherry blossoms. It must be because you always look fresh and lovely.
Your most attractive feature is your kindness. It makes me melt.
Your one smile can make me do anything you want.
I do not mind growing old and fat with you.
You walk with such grace, it looks like you can take over the whole universe.
I am captivated by your beauty, but I am even more enthralled by your wisdom.
I can’t get you out of my head.
My only wish is to make you laugh whenever I can.
Your laugh is like music to my ears.
Your love for others makes me want to work on myself.
You have the smile of someone who knows the big secret of living in harmony.
Let me flip a coin. Heads, I’m yours. Tails, you’re mine.
You will always be my sunshine, babe, even when we are old and gray.
You are an outstanding listener.
I like the way you use your intelligence.
Whenever I need a friend to talk to, you are the first person to strike my mind.
Damn, your smile. It is so pretty.
Compliments for girls to make them feel specialSave
Image: Shutterstock
A strong and confident woman like you should be my future wife.
The hardest part of hugging you is letting you go.
In my eyes, you are an angel.
You mesmerize me with your beauty.
I’m wearing the smile I got from you.
Could you be any sweeter?
I bet it will feel perfect when I can call you mine.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you are stuck in their head.
You can be anything you want in the world, and I feel fortunate to be your chosen one to go through this life.
I love how beautiful you look when you are sleeping.
Whenever you are around me, my happiness multiplies.
You’re my evergreen reason to smile.
Your hair flows with the grace of a majestic river.
You know exactly what to say when someone is feeling down.
I could listen to you talk for hours.
You’re like sunshine after rain.
I’m grateful that we met.
You are wiser than a princess who has traveled the world in search of wisdom.
Thank you for never getting away from me.
You bring the best out of life.
You are full of courage.
You look sexy when you’re bossy.
Having someone as beautiful as you reminds me that the mercy of the Lord is truly something I can never deserve.
You are beautiful – never forget that, even when you don’t feel like it.
You have an outshining presence.
You’re like a ray of sunshine on a gloomy day.
I get blown away every time I see you.
If I had the ability to do magic, I would have kept you for a lifetime.
I love your sensuality.
You teach me something new daily.
What a smart chick you are!
You shine like a rare, priceless diamond.
Your touch fans the flames of my desires.
Your creativity is endless.
You are my dream come true.
I like the way you keep honesty as a priority.
I feel drawn towards you every time I look at you.
Your beauty makes my day.
You are incredible in your own way.
You are a superwoman for every man.
I’d like to be captivated by your beauty forever.
If I had to choose between life and you, I’d certainly choose you.
Your patience makes you even prettier.
You light up everyone’s day with your gentle touch and bright smile.
A true example of beauty is you!
You make time stop and hearts fly.
If my wish is granted, I’d like to spend my life with you.
How do you manage to touch my heart every time I see you?
Love, faith, and pride are how I define my feelings for you.
Your innocence or beauty, both are alluring!
Man complimenting a woman about her work.Save
Image: Shutterstock
You carry the light within you and have the superpower to bring brightness wherever you go.
With your captivating personality, every moment spent with you is exciting!
Your eyes speak a thousand words. I want to spend all my time learning what they mean.
I love your enthusiasm for and dedication to your work.
Your assertive and spirited nature creates an aura around you. Never change because you are unique.
It’s amazing how you manage your work and family life. Is there anything that is impossible for you, you superwoman?!
I love how you think out of the box but are able to develop practical yet unique ideas.
How do you always understand my emotions without me telling you? Are you able to read my mind?
You look breathtaking even while you are right out of bed.
You are my lucky charm.
Any moment spent with you is time well spent.
Every person in your life is lucky to have you, and I believe I am the luckiest to have you so close to me.
Your laugh is so contagious!
Your smile is the cutest thing in the whole world.
Time seems to fly by when I am with you. I wish I could pause it and devour you wholly.
You look more beautiful than a painting!
You make me weak when you look at me with those seductive eyes.
You are perfect the way you are!
You are one of the strongest people I have ever met.
Why do you have to use those filters? You look drop-dead gorgeous even without any of it.
You are my best cuddle buddy. I can forget all my worries in your arms.
You are the one person with whom I can share both my happiness and sorrows.
You look angelic in that dress!
Do you even know what is ordinary because you always look extraordinary?
Even if I see you every day, it never gets old.
I feel so cozy and comfortable with you! I can be myself with you.
Every moment spent with you feels like a dream.
Is there a gravitational field around you? I can’t help moving closer to you.
The world would be a better place with more people like you in it.
You are such an effortless beauty! Always ready to charm the people around you.
Time just stands still when I hug you.
Nothing and nobody in this whole world makes me as happy as you do.
You are the biggest gift of my life.
My eyes find you no matter how many people there are in the room.
How do you remain so calm and graceful in the most dire situations?
With you, life is like a never-ending novel with a new exciting page every day.
You are a strong pillar one day and turn into a delicate flower the next day, how fantastic!
I have never seen anything as beautiful as you.
There is no time good enough to kiss you. You are always kissable.
Your charisma tells me you are a great leader.
You are my favorite conversation partner. It is so easy to share things with you.
I realize I can talk with you for hours and not feel tired.
You are the reason I want to be a better person.
You have an amazing way with words.
You give me a new reason to live each day.
You are my motivation to be my best each day because you deserve only the best.
There was an empty space in my heart till I met you. And you just filled it to the brim.
I admire and look up to you, and I believe everyone else does the same.
You fill my heart and soul with your generosity.
Man complimenting a woman on a date to make her feel special.Save
Image: Shutterstock
I like you the way you are and your ardent vision of life.
Just being with you is pure bliss, even when I am doing nothing.
You are like my morning coffee, refreshing my mind to do new things each day.
Beside you is my favorite place so I will go where you do.
I love your deep voice. It is so sweet and yet husky!
Life with you is full of ups and downs, sweet moments and tough rides, giggles and tears, but I know that I have the best partner in this journey of life.
I know I say this every time, and it has turned into a background score, but I would love to say it again and again that I love you, and it is the truth of my life.
You are a magic portal to stay happy at all times and to feel loved.
You are like the cover of a fashion magazine, always impossibly chic.
When I welcomed you into my life, I was sure that having a woman as brilliant as you would make my life remarkable.
I am waiting for the distance to pass so that I can hug you soon.
You are the bravest person I have met in my life. Stick to your goals because you are already there.
You have the special skill of making the mundane things in life seem so much fun.
The level of passion you have for anything you do has always been an inspiration.
Your simplicity and sense of humor always make being around you so easy.
There is something about you that makes me smile when I think about you.
I love how you project the image of a strong and independent woman. Whether you know it or not, you inspire a lot of people every day.
How do you maintain your low-key and laid-back aura yet command attention all the time?
You have such an uplifting personality, and I have experienced the magic of your presence during the most stressful periods of my life. Thank you for always being there.
You always look fresh, cool, and lovely, reminding me of a blooming garden.
When people look for beauty, you stay a class apart with your wit and wisdom.
Thank you for being my friend. I do not know where I would be without your presence in my life.
I love every inch of you. You are my most exhilarating adventure.
I wouldn’t bother if there were no stars in the sky as your face is enough to light up any darkness in my life.
I never thought I would find someone who would vibe with my frequency.
I totally agree with people who accuse you of global warming. Can you stop being so hot?
You are the reason so many men are jealous of me!
I have been smitten with you since the first time I saw you.
You set my heart on fire each time you pass by.
With you, I want to see the stars of the night and the light of the day. Be with me always.
My life goal is to create more and more lovely memories with you.
I really wish we had met a lot earlier. My life would have been a whole lot better.
It is so healing and relaxing to be with you.
You are the perfect example of beauty with brains.
You taught me the valuable lesson of being true to myself, and I admire you for it.
You look great even in the most simple dress. How do you do it?
When I am with you, I do not have to try to be happy. It just happens all the time.
You always express your caring nature and kindness. Thank you for showing me that you care about me.
I love the fact that I can be myself when I am with you.
You are like a sweet melody on a rainy day.
Your confidence is admirable, making me love you even more.
Thank you for being a loyal friend in this complicated world.
You are the light that shines on the dark side of me.
Your love is like a drug that keeps me high.
When all the doors close upon me, I know I will have your soft hand to stop the tears from falling. Thank you for staying by my side.
You are my sunshine on a cloudy day.
It is easy to get advice from everywhere, but a companion like you is rare.
If we ever had to do everything all over again, I would always choose you.
You are always a part of my future, thoughts, and dreams.
I believe that I loved you the most yesterday. But I was wrong, I love you more today.
A man compliments a woman while the woman blushes.Save
Image: Shutterstock
Waking up to you is the most beautiful thing in my life.
My heart is filled with so much love I wonder if we were connected in our past lives.
Every time we bid goodbye, I start counting down the time till I get to meet you again.
Love was a mystery to me until I met you.
I wish you could be with me in my dreams.
Every single moment I spend with you, I will cherish forever.
You are my weakness and my strength.
You have such soft skin I can’t keep my hands off you.
I try not to blink when I am with you as I don’t want to miss even a split second of your beauty.
It is amazing how you learn something new each day and improve yourself.
You have a more special place in my life than you know.
You are not just brave and strong, you are the most resilient person I have ever known.
It’s just been a day, and I miss you so much already!
The sun doesn’t rise for me unless you are next to me.
I fall asleep to your ‘good night’ and wake up to your ‘good morning’.
You might find me clingy, but you are my perfect partner, and I do not want to let you go.
Your love wants me to wake up every morning.
You make it easy for me to open up. Conversations seem so effortless with you.
Your love fills my days and nights. I’m so blessed to have a remarkable woman like you by my side.
I admire how you handle the most difficult situations with ease. Thank you for being with me through thick and thin.
I could sit for hours listening to you playing the piano. I never realized you were so good at it.
I have never seen someone as selfless as you. You are always willing to put others before yourself.
You are an inspiration the way you find time to keep yourself in shape despite your busy schedule.
I admire how you stand up for what you believe and think is right.
I see how you stay in touch with all the people in your life, giving them the time they need. I hope to be like you one day.
You are one of the most reliable people I have met in my life.
I can confidently say that the world is a better place with you in it.
How are you always able to find the silver lining in any situation? I hope that I can be as positive as you someday.
Everyone should learn from you about how to learn from their mistakes.
I love the way you multitask and skip from one task to another without breaking your flow.
You have your way of making me laugh.
I admire your enthusiasm and zeal towards the things you love.
I love the way you have created your space. You have a style and taste of your own.
You are a great role model for handling several things at the same time without falling apart.
You have all the qualities of a silent yet powerful leader who inspires people around them.
When you are with me, I feel like there is nothing in this world I cannot do.
I love you the most because you are not like the rest.
Each time you fall, I will stay by your side and catch you because you are the most special person in the world.
You are much stronger than you realize.
I love ice cream, but I love you more.
Give me a place in your heart. For me, that would be the coziest place in the universe.
When I am feeling low, and the world seems blank, the thought of you and your love makes me glow.
Home is where you are.
You make my life seem like a beautiful melody.
It is a sweet feeling to be loved by you.
You are my way out of life’s troubles.
Your glow keeps me burning through my darkest night.
Since I knew you, my heart has been beating out of my chest. Your love has made me a brand new person, changing my life with simple gestures.
I love how well-mannered you are. Man expressing his adoration for a woman.Save
You are immensely smart and creative. You are so considerate of my family. Thank you for being there.
I am so proud of all the things you have accomplished in life. I believe in you. You can do anything you set your eyes on.
You have a radiating power that everyone responds to when you talk. You are so helpful that you inspire me to be kind.
You are fabulous and fierce at the same time. You are such an amazing dancer!
I do not know what my life would have been without you. I am impressed with all that you have done for me throughout the years.
You have amazing time-management skills and how to make the most out of time. Your pieces of advice and guidance have made me a better person in life.
Thank you for being the great listener that you are. If not for you, I do not know with whom I would have shared my thoughts and concerns. You understand my likes and dislikes and make it a point to spend quality time with me. I’m truly grateful!
I love that you are humble and understand your mistakes. It is great that you can apologize and let go of your ego. Your laugh is like a happy pill. It brightens my days.
You are special because you spread love around you. As you pave your path to success, you serve as an inspiration to others.
The world needs more strong women like you. Every love song makes me think of you.
You have an exquisite taste in things! I can rely on your choices. You have an electrifying personality.
I have not met a human being as caring and nice as you. It beats me how someone can be as beautiful as you.
You seem to better understand me than anyone else ever has. You are an amazing cook. You make things with so much love.
I do not know anyone competent enough to do the things you do. I am in my best self when I am with you.
You make my life beautiful, and I will do what I can to make it the same for you. You always smell so good.
Even on the most difficult days, the thought of you makes it easier. You are such a fun and joyous spirit, bringing life to everything you do.
I will love you truly and deeply today, tomorrow, and for the rest of my life. Your heart is as beautiful as your body.
You are like my healing stone. Every minute I spend with you, you heal me more. While counting the blessings I have in my life, you top the list.
Your silky hair brings out your best features! You have such a soothing voice I could fall asleep to it.
Your presence in my life events makes it all the more special. You have the fragrance of a field of blooming flowers.
The sight of you tingles my heart. You are a seductive and voluptuous temptation.
You are a role model for many people in your circle. Every day is a celebration when you are around.
You are the kind of friend that everyone would love to have. You are a totally beautiful package that I cannot decide which of your features I like the best.
You look divine, woman! The way you take care of things makes me wonder if there is anything you cannot do.
Your one look can make me dizzy! You are the perfect blend of sexy, beautiful, and witty. I can never get enough of you.
Man expressing romantic compliment to girlfriend.  You make my heart flutter every time I meet you. I adore the little things you do to spice up our relationship.
Your aura always makes me want to be with you. I am not a poet. But I can write poems about your smile. You are an achiever. You should be proud of yourself. The courage you show in life is commendable.
I love your refreshing perspective on things. You always have the best ideas.
You have a smooth way of fixing your mistakes. I adore people like you who stand up against all odds and keep going.
I love the way you make a difference in other people’s lives. You look sexy and voluptuous, even in your pajamas.
It’s quite endearing when you blush. That color suits you the color of your eyes, and how!
You always take such good care of yourself, always looking elegant. I would rather spend time with you than watch a football match.
You have a wonderful attitude, always willing to try new things. You inspire me to see things in a better way.
I greatly appreciate your proactive approach and admire your urge to make the first move. You have a way of solving even the most complex problems.
You look stylish in anything you wear. You have an impeccable fashion sense.
I can totally trust you to finish the job flawlessly and successfully. Your inspiring words leave a long-lasting impression on everyone.
You are wise and mature beyond your age. Every day is a new learning experience when I am with you.
You encourage me to do things in life and make me feel that I can bring about changes. Whether you are with me or not, I am always thinking of you.
I thank my stars for the day I found you. All I want to do is be in your intoxicating presence all day.
I can believe that I have found my soulmate in you. You are the sweetness of my life.
I love you, my lady, and can’t put my mind on anything else. I sleep because you would be there in my dreams too.
You shine like a mirror. I could do anything just to be with you.
You are the one thing that I can never get enough of. You are special, and I’m not just saying that.
Every minute you are away from me, I lose 60 seconds of pure happiness. I am willing to live with you for a hundred lifetimes.
Sometimes, I can feel myself drowning in your eyes. I have been incomplete, and now I know it was you I have been waiting for.
You have an innate skill of bringing the positive side of the people around you. You seem to be a magician, making me smile every time I am with you.
I don’t know if I am your first love, but I will strive to be the deepest one. Every other song reminds me of you.
You made that difficult job seem rather easy. Thank you for going the extra mile to care for me.
No one can match your charisma for me. I love your idiosyncratic takes on the most ordinary events.
You are like an oasis in the desert. My eyes always long to see you, and my lips await to kiss you.